The next thing that we are going to deploy in Docker is MongoDB.
Again, the reason we want to do this is because of the simplicity.
But more specifically, because we want our containers to be able to connect to MongoDB.
You can see the Docker rank command that we are going to use to deploy MongoDB.
So let's start with the command sudo docker run dash eity dash D4 detach again.
Our container name, mango hyphen container.
Then we'll use the standard MongoDB reports, 20, seven zero one seven internal and external.
And we will also put the Mongo container in the same network, Springbank Net, as well as specify the
restart policy as always.
Now, Dash V allows us to specify a Docker volume.
Now, in order to be able to save or persist data and also to share data between containers, Docker
came up with the concept of volumes.
Quite simply, volumes are directories of files that are outside of the default union file system and
exists as normal directories and files on the host file system.
So this is not in the container itself because if it was, we would lose the data every time the container
is recreated.
And that is something that we want the recreation of containers and that will make more sense when we
get to the containerization section later in this course.
OK, now the final thing is just to add the image name, which is Mongo, and then also specify the
latest version.
It seems like I'm unable to reach the Reaper.
Let's try again.
And there we go.
You will see that the Monga latest image is being pulled from the Docker hub repo.
OK.
And now it has been deployed again.
We can run sudo Docker place and they will see the excellent server and now the Mongo container deployed.
OK.
I've installed robo 3T as the client tools as indicated in the slide.
But you can use the Mongo Shell or any other Mongo client that you prefer.
But if you're using robo 3D like I am, you can go ahead and create a new connection.
I'm going to call the connection Mongo in Docker.
And in brackets local, you can keep the addresses local and then the port as the default port.
Two seven zero one seven four Now we are not going to enable authentication.
OK?
Click on Taste.
There you can see that robo treaty successfully connects to a MongoDB container.
OK, now if you connect, you will see that we only have the default system databases.